.\"/* 
.\" * All rights reserved
.\" * Copyright (C) 2015 Red Hat, Inc.
.\" * Authors: Jaroslav Škarvada, Scott Dodson
.\" *
.\" * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" * modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\" * as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
.\" * of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\" *
.\" * This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" * GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" *
.\" * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" * along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" * Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.
.\" */
.\" 
.TH TUNED_PROFILES_ATOMIC_ENTERPRISE_NODE "7" "12 Feb 2015" "Atomic Enterprise" "tuned"
.SH NAME
tuned\-profiles\-atomic-enterprise-node - description of profiles provided for Atomic Enterprise

.SH DESCRIPTION
These profiles are provided for Atomic Enterprise nodes. They provide performance
optimizations for Atomic Enterprise Nodes running on either bare metal
(atomic-enterprise-node-host) or virtual machines (atomic-enterprise-node-guest).

.SH PROFILES
The following profiles are provided:

.TP
.BI "atomic-enterprise-node\-host"
Profile optimized for Atomic Enterprise hosts (bare metal). It is based on throughput\-performance
profile. It additionally increases SELinux AVC cache, PID limit and tunes
netfilter connections tracking.

.TP
.BI "atomic-enterprise-node\-guest"
Profile optimized for virtual Atomic Enterprise guests. It is based on virtual\-guest
profile. It additionally increases SELinux AVC cache, PID limit and tunes
netfilter connections tracking.

.SH "FILES"
.NF
.I /etc/tuned/*
.I /usr/lib/tuned/*

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tuned (8)
.BR tuned\-adm (8)
.BR tuned\-profiles (7)
.BR tuned\-profiles\-sap (7)
.BR tuned\-profiles\-sap\-hana (7)
.BR tuned\-profiles\-compat (7)
.SH AUTHOR
.NF
Scott Dodson <sdodson@redhat.com>
